Let me out!
Miss Li, today is not over yet.
Mr. Gu said you can't come out yet
Mr. Gu is not good
When I went to the hospital today
I found that Lin Ziang was not there
The doctor said he would be discharged this afternoon
Nini Nini
What's your trouble?
Ok ok wait for me
Slow down, slow down, don't worry.
Chen Ke, why are you here, hurry up
It's dangerous if you get caught by him
I'm here today to take you away
No, you can't take mine
Wherever you take me
He will catch me back
OK
Tell me the truth.
So what happened?
Why would he do this to you?
Don't succeed for your mother
Go away you can't help me
If you really want to help me
Please take care of Zi Ang
Zi Ang is already on his way to the airport.
You come with me.
When we went abroad for a year together
Still not going abroad
No, I can't leave now.
Intentionally my father owes you a debt
I will pay it back slowly.
No way.
There you go.
I can't go
Go away.
I can't implicate you anymore
Zi Ang is already waiting for us at the airport
You must come with me today
I'm not going. I can't go